feat: make `header-only` libraries a CMake project (#2280)
jpivarski/awkward-1.0: docs/user-guide/how-to-use-header-only-layoutbuilder.md

Passing from C++ to Python
--------------------------

We want NumPy to own the array buffers, so that they get deleted when the Awkward Array goes out of Python scope, not when the LayoutBuilder goes out of C++ scope. For the hand-off, one can allocate memory for those buffers in Python, presumably with `np.empty(nbytes, dtype=np.uint8)` and get `void*` pointers to these buffers by casting the output of `numpy_array.ctypes.data` (pointer as integer). Then we can pass everything over the border from C++ to Python using e.g. `pybind11`'s `py::buffer_protocol` for the buffers.  

Alternatively, the Python _capsule_ system can be used to tie the lifetime of the allocated buffers to the calling Python scope. `pybind11` makes this fairly trivial, and also permits us to invoke Python code _from_ C++. We can use this approach to call `ak.from_buffers` in order to build an `ak.Array`:
```cpp
template <typename T>

> py::object snapshot_builder(const T& builder)

Author: @ianna I'm assuming we can const-ref the builder, but let me know if I've made an oversight here in terms of best practice!

Reviewer: Correct - it's mutable :-)

{
    // How much memory to allocate?
    std::map<std::string, size_t> names_nbytes = {};
    builder.buffer_nbytes(names_nbytes);

    // Allocate memory
    std::map<std::string, void*> buffers = {};
    for(auto it : names_nbytes) {
        uint8_t* ptr = new uint8_t[it.second];
        buffers[it.first] = (void*)ptr;
    }

    // Write non-contiguous contents to memory
    builder.to_buffers(buffers);
    auto from_buffers = py::module::import("awkward").attr("from_buffers");

    // Build Python dictionary containing arrays
    // dtypes not important here as long as they match the underlying buffer
    // as Awkward Array calls `frombuffer` to convert to the correct type
    py::dict container;
    for (auto it: buffers) {
        
        // Create capsule that frees the allocated data when out of scope
        py::capsule free_when_done(it.second, [](void *data) {
            uint8_t* dataPtr = reinterpret_cast<uint8_t*>(data);
            delete[] dataPtr;
        });

>         // Adopt the memory filled by `to_buffers` as a NumPy array
>         // We only need to return a "buffer" here, but py::array_t let's
>         // us associate a capsule for destruction, so we use that!

Author: ```suggestion
        // Adopt the memory filled by `to_buffers` as a NumPy array
        // We only need to return a "buffer" here, but py::array_t let's
        // us associate a capsule for destruction, which means that 
        // Python can own this memory. Therefore, we use py::array_t
```
